Now-a-days, people face various diseases due to the environmental condition and their living habits. So the prediction of disease at earlier stage becomes important task. The correct prediction of disease is the most challenging task. To overcome this problem data mining plays an important role to predict the disease. Medical science has large amount of data growth per year. Due to increase amount of data growth in medical and healthcare field the accurate analysis on medical data which has been benefits from early patient care. With the help of disease data, data mining finds hidden pattern information in the
huge amount of medical data. We proposed general disease prediction based on symptoms of the patient. For the disease prediction, we use Decision Tree, and Naïve Bayes machine learning algorithm for accurate prediction of disease. Disease symptoms dataset is required for disease prediction. With general disease prediction, a user can take precaution in early stages of their sickness.Now-a-days, people face various diseases due to the environmental condition and their living habits. So the prediction of disease at earlier stage becomes important task. The correct prediction of disease is the most challenging task. To overcome this problem data mining plays an important role to predict the disease. Medical science has large amount of data growth per year. Due to increase amount of data growth in medical and healthcare field the accurate analysis on medical data which has been benefits from early patient care. With the help of disease data, data mining finds hidden pattern information in the huge amount of medical data. We proposed general disease prediction based on symptoms of the patient. For the disease prediction, we use Decision Tree, and Naïve Bayes machine learning algorithm for accurate prediction of disease. Disease symptoms dataset is required for disease prediction. With general disease prediction, a user can take precaution in early stages of their sickness.
